fix mission_control mention in README (#154)
basecamp/solid_queue: README.md

failed_execution.discard # This will delete the job from the system
```

> We've recently open sourced [mission_control-jobs](https://github.com/basecamp/mission_control-jobs), where, among other things, you're be able to examine and retry/discard failed jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, we recommend taking a look at [mission_control-jobs](https://github.com/basecamp/mission_control-jobs), a dashboard where, among other things, you can examine and retry/discard failed jobs. 
```
